c:\users\box\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OutwardItemOverrider\bin\Debug\OutwardItemOverrider.dll
c:\users\box\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OutwardItemOverrider\bin\Debug\OutwardItemOverrider.pdb
c:\users\box\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OutwardItemOverrider\bin\Debug\Assembly-CSharp.dll
c:\users\box\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OutwardItemOverrider\bin\Debug\HOOKS-Assembly-CSharp.dll
c:\users\box\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OutwardItemOverrider\bin\Debug\Partiality.dll
c:\users\box\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OutwardItemOverrider\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.dll
c:\users\box\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OutwardItemOverrider\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UI.dll
c:\users\box\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OutwardItemOverrider\bin\Debug\Assembly-UnityScript-firstpass.dll
c:\users\box\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OutwardItemOverrider\bin\Debug\Assembly-CSharp-firstpass.dll
c:\users\box\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OutwardItemOverrider\bin\Debug\Rewired_Core.dll
c:\users\box\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OutwardItemOverrider\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.Networking.dll
c:\users\box\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OutwardItemOverrider\bin\Debug\Photon3Unity3D.dll
c:\users\box\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OutwardItemOverrider\bin\Debug\Ionic.Zip.Reduced.dll
c:\users\box\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OutwardItemOverrider\bin\Debug\MonoMod.RuntimeDetour.dll
c:\users\box\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OutwardItemOverrider\bin\Debug\YamlDotNet.dll
c:\users\box\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OutwardItemOverrider\bin\Debug\Boo.Lang.dll
c:\users\box\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OutwardItemOverrider\bin\Debug\UnityScript.Lang.dll
c:\users\box\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OutwardItemOverrider\bin\Debug\MonoMod.Utils.dll
c:\users\box\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OutwardItemOverrider\obj\Debug\OutwardItemOverrider.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\box\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OutwardItemOverrider\obj\Debug\OutwardItemOverrider.dll
D:\Program Files\Outward - Modding\Mods\OutwardItemOverrider.dll
